Add conversation search documentation (#5018)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/conversational-search.md

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/memory/conversation
{
  "name": Example conversation
}
```

The Memory API responds with the conversation ID, as shown in the following example response:

```json
{ "conversation_id": "4of2c9nhoIuhcr" }
```

You'll use the `conversation_id` to create interactions inside the conversation. To create interactions, enter the `conversation_id` into the Memory API path. Then, customize the [fields](#conversation-interactions-index) in the request body, as shown in the following example:

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/memory/conversation/4of2c9nhoIuhcr
{
  "input": "How do I make an interaction?",
  "prompt_template": "Hello OpenAI, can you answer this question? \
											Here's some extra info that may help. \
											[INFO] \n [QUESTION]",
  "response": "Hello, this is OpenAI. Here is the answer to your question.",
  "origin": "MyFirstOpenAIWrapper",
  "additional_info": "Additional text related to the answer \
											A JSON or other semi-structured response"

> }

Author: Yes. It does on my local.

```

The Memory API then responds with an interaction ID, as shown in the following response:

```json
{ "interaction_id": "948vh_PoiY2hrnpo" }
```

### Getting conversations

You can get a list of conversation using the following Memory API operation:

```json
GET /_plugins/_ml/memory/conversation?max_results=3&next_token=0
```

Use the following path parameters to customize your results:

Parameter | Data type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
`max_results` | Integer | The maximum number of results returned by the response. Default is `10`.

> `next_token` | Integer | The number of paginated results returned when more than the `max_results` exist.

Reviewer: `next_token` represents the position in the conversation ordering to retrieve. It functions like the `from` field in the index `_search` endpoint. So if my conversations are
A, B, C, D, E,
Then specifying `next_token=2` would return conversations starting at C, e.g.
C, D, E

`next_toke` does not represent the number of paginated results.

| Field | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| `input` | The question which forms the basis for an interaction. |
| `prompt_template` | The prompt template that was used as the framework for this interaction. |
| `response` | The AI’s response to the prompt. |
| `origin` | The name of the AI or other system that generated the response. |
| `additional_info` | Any other information that was sent to the “origin” in the prompt. |

The goal of the `conversation-interactions` index is to create a clean interaction abstraction and make it easy for the index to reconstruct the exact prompts sent to the LLM, enabling robust debugging and explainability, as shown in the following schema:

```jsx
.plugins-ml-conversation-interactions
{
    "_meta": {
        "schema_version": 1
    },
    "properties": {
        "conversation_id": {"type": "keyword"},
        "create_time": {"type": "date", "format": "strict_date_time||epoch_millis"},
        "input": {"type": "text"},
        "prompt_template": {"type": "text"},
        "response": {"type": "text"},
        "origin": {"type": "keyword"},
        "additional_info": {"type": "text"}
    }
}
```

> ### Creating conversations and interactions

Author: ```suggestion
### Working with conversations and interactions
```

```json
GET /_plugins/_ml/memory/conversation/4of2c9nhoIuhcr
```

The Memory API returns the following interaction information:

```json
{
  "interactions": [
    {
      "interaction_id": "342968y2u4-0",
      "conversation_id": "0y4hto_in1",
      "create_time": "2023-4-23 10:25.324662",
      "input": "How do I make an interaction?",
      "prompt_template": "Hello OpenAI, can you answer this question? \
											Here's some extra info that may help. \
											[INFO] \n [QUESTION]",
      "response": "Hello, this is OpenAI. Here is the answer to your question.",
      "origin": "MyFirstOpenAIWrapper",
      "additional_info": "Additional text related to the answer \
											A JSON or other semi-structured response"
	  }, ... (9 more since max_results defaults to 10)
	],
  "next_token": 10
}
```

### Deleting conversations

To delete a conversation, use the `DELETE` operation as showing in the following example:

```json
DELETE /_plugins/_ml/memory/conversation/4of2c9nhoIuhcr
```

The Memory API responds with the following:

```json
{ "success": true }
```

## RAG pipeline

> RAG is a technique for grounding LLMs and a natural language interface, implemented as a search pipeline. 

Reviewer 2: Spell this out: "Retriever-Augmented Generation"

Author: This is spelled out earlier in the doc on line 15.

### Enabling RAG

Use the following cluster setting to enable the RAG pipeline feature:

```json
PUT /_cluster/settings
{
  "persistent": {"plugins.ml_commons.rag_pipline_feature_enabled": "true"}
}
```

### Connecting the model

> RAG requires a LLM to function. We recommend using a [connector]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/extensibility/connectors/).

Reviewer 2: "... an LLM ..." Not sure if editorial wants to enforce a phonetic rule for applying indefinite articles.

> RAG requires a LLM to function. We recommend using a [connector]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/extensibility/connectors/).

Author: ```suggestion
RAG requires an LLM to function. We recommend using a [connector]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/extensibility/connectors/).
```

> In the following step through, we set up an HTTP connector using the OpenAI GPT 3.5 model. To set up that model:

Reviewer 2: Is "step through" a term you want to use? "In the following step ..." ?

> In the following step through, we set up an HTTP connector using the OpenAI GPT 3.5 model. To set up that model:

Author: ```suggestion
Use the following steps to set up an HTTP connector using the OpenAI GPT 3.5 model:
```

1. Use the Connector API to create the HTTP connector:

  ```json
  POST /_plugins/_ml/connectors/_create
  {
    "name": "OpenAI Chat Connector",
    "description": "The connector to public OpenAI model service for GPT 3.5",
    "version": 2,
    "protocol": "http",
    "parameters": {
      "endpoint": "[api.openai.com](http://api.openai.com/)",
      "model": "gpt-3.5-turbo",
      "temperature": 0
    },
    "credential": {
      "openAI_key": "<your OpenAI key>"
   },
    "actions": [
      {
        "action_type": "predict",
        "method": "POST",
        "url": "[https://$](https://%24/){parameters.endpoint}/v1/chat/completions",
        "headers": {
          "Authorization": "Bearer ${credential.openAI_key}"
        },
        "request_body": "{ \"model\": \"${parameters.model}\", \"messages\": ${parameters.messages}, \"temperature\": $  {parameters.temperature} }"
      }
    ]
  }
  ```

> 2. Create a new model group for the connected model. You'll use the `model_group_id` returned by the to register the model:

Reviewer 2: Complete this sentence:
You'll use the `model_group_id` returned by the _ _ _ _ to register the model:

Author: Fixed to "Register API."

> 2. Create a new model group for the connected model. You'll use the `model_group_id` returned by the to register the model:

Author: ```suggestion
2. Create a new model group for the connected model. You'll use the `model_group_id` returned by the Register API to register the model:
```

  ```java
  POST /_plugins/_ml/models/_register
  {
	"name": "openAI-gpt-3.5-turbo",
	"function_name": "remote",
	"model_group_id": "fp-hSYoBu0R6vVqGMnM1",
	"description": "test model",
	"connector_id": "f5-iSYoBu0R6vVqGI3PA"
  }
  ``` 

4. With the model registered, use the `task_id` returned in the registration response to get the `model_id`. You'll use the `model_id` to deploy the model to OpenSearch:

  ```json
  GET /_plugins/_ml/tasks/<task_id>
  ```

5. Using your `model_id` from step 4, deploy the model:

  ```
  POST /_plugins/_ml/models/<model_id>/_deploy
  ```

### Setting up the pipeline

Next, we'll create a search pipeline for the connector model. Use the following Search API request to create a pipeline: 

```json
PUT /_search/pipeline/<pipeline_name>
{
  "response_processors": [
    {
      "retrieval_augmented_generation": {
        "tag": "openai_pipeline_demo",
        "description": "Demo pipeline Using OpenAI Connector",
        "model_id": "<model_id>",
        "context_field_list": ["text"]
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> `context_field_list`` is the list of fields in document sources that the pipeline uses as context for the RAG. When run against your documents, you might have a response similar to the following:

Reviewer 2: extra tick mark on `context_field_list``

> `context_field_list`` is the list of fields in document sources that the pipeline uses as context for the RAG. When run against your documents, you might have a response similar to the following:

Author: ```suggestion
`context_field_list` is the list of fields in document sources that the pipeline uses as context for the RAG. For example, when `context_field_list` parses through the following document:
```

```json
{
  "_index": "qa_demo",
  "_id": "SimKcIoBOVKVCYpk1IL-",

>   "_score": 1,

Author: ```suggestion
```

### Using the pipeline

Using the pipeline is similar to submitting [search queries]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/search/#example) to OpenSearch, as shown in the following example:

```json
GET /<index_name>/_search?search_pipeline=<pipeline_name>
{
	"query" : {...},
	"ext": {
		"generative_qa_parameters": {
			"llm_model": "gpt-3.5-turbo",
			"llm_question": "Was Abraham Lincoln a good politician",
			"conversation_id": "_ikaSooBHvd8_FqDUOjZ"
		}
	}
}
```

The RAG search query uses the following request objects under the `generative_qa_paramters` option:

Parameter | Required | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
`llm_question` | Yes | The question the LLM must answer. 
`llm_model` | No | Overrides the original model set in the connection in cases where you want to use a different model. For example, using GPT 4 instead of GPT 3.5. This option is required if a default model is not set during pipeline creation.
`coversation_id` | No | Integrates conversation memory into your RAG pipeline by adding the 10 most recent conversations into the context of search query to the LLM. 

> If you're LLM includes a set token limit, set the `size` field in you OpenSearch query to limit the amount of documents used in the search response.

Author: ```suggestion
If you're LLM includes a set token limit, set the `size` field in you OpenSearch query to limit the amount of documents used in the search response. Otherwise, the RAG pipeline will send every document in the search result into the LLM.
```

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/memory/conversation/4of2c9nhoIuhcr
{
  "input": "How do I make an interaction?",
  "prompt_template": "Hello OpenAI, can you answer this question? \
											Here's some extra info that may help. \
											[INFO] \n [QUESTION]",
  "response": "Hello, this is OpenAI. Here is the answer to your question.",
  "origin": "MyFirstOpenAIWrapper",
  "additional_info": "Additional text related to the answer \
											A JSON or other semi-structured response"
}
```

The Memory API then responds with an interaction ID, as shown in the following response:

```json
{ "interaction_id": "948vh_PoiY2hrnpo" }
```

### Getting conversations

You can get a list of conversation using the following Memory API operation:

```json
GET /_plugins/_ml/memory/conversation?max_results=3&next_token=0
```

Use the following path parameters to customize your results:

Parameter | Data type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
`max_results` | Integer | The maximum number of results returned by the response. Default is `10`.

> `next_token` | Integer | Represents the position in the conversation order to retrieve. For example, if three conversation, A, B, and C, exist, `next_token=1` would return conversations B and C. 

Author: ```suggestion
`next_token` | Integer | Represents the position in the conversation order to retrieve. For example, if three conversation, A, B, and C, exist, `next_token=1` would return conversations B and C. Default is `0`.
```

```json
GET /_plugins/_ml/memory/conversation/4of2c9nhoIuhcr
```

The Memory API returns the following interaction information:

```json
{
  "interactions": [
    {
      "interaction_id": "342968y2u4-0",
      "conversation_id": "0y4hto_in1",
      "create_time": "2023-4-23 10:25.324662",
      "input": "How do I make an interaction?",
      "prompt_template": "Hello OpenAI, can you answer this question? \
											Here's some extra info that may help. \
											[INFO] \n [QUESTION]",
      "response": "Hello, this is OpenAI. Here is the answer to your question.",
      "origin": "MyFirstOpenAIWrapper",
      "additional_info": "Additional text related to the answer \
											A JSON or other semi-structured response"
	  }, ... (9 more since max_results defaults to 10)
	],
  "next_token": 10
}
```

### Deleting conversations

To delete a conversation, use the `DELETE` operation as showing in the following example:

```json
DELETE /_plugins/_ml/memory/conversation/4of2c9nhoIuhcr
```

The Memory API responds with the following:

```json
{ "success": true }
```

> 

Author: Added on line 75.

## RAG pipeline

> RAG is a technique for grounding LLMs and a natural language interface, implemented as a search pipeline. 

Author: What do we mean specifically by "grounding LLMs"?

> RAG is a technique for grounding LLMs and a natural language interface, implemented as a search pipeline. 

Reviewer: preventing them from hallucinating. You're "grounding them in truth" by giving them facts; otherwise they just make stuff up that sounds right

  }
}
```

When configured using the preceeding Search API request, the pipeline sends the `text` field from the response to OpenAI model. You can customize `context_field_list`  in your RAG pipeline to send any fields that exist in your documents to the LLM.

### Using the pipeline

Using the pipeline is similar to submitting [search queries]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/search/#example) to OpenSearch, as shown in the following example:

```json
GET /<index_name>/_search?search_pipeline=<pipeline_name>

> GET /<index_name>/_search?search_pipeline=<pipeline_name>

Author: ```suggestion
```

{
	"query" : {...},
	"ext": {
		"generative_qa_parameters": {
			"llm_model": "gpt-3.5-turbo",
			"llm_question": "Was Abraham Lincoln a good politician",
			"conversation_id": "_ikaSooBHvd8_FqDUOjZ"
		}
	}
}
```

The RAG search query uses the following request objects under the `generative_qa_paramters` option:

Parameter | Required | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
`llm_question` | Yes | The question the LLM must answer. 
`llm_model` | No | Overrides the original model set in the connection in cases where you want to use a different model. For example, using GPT 4 instead of GPT 3.5.
`coversation_id` | No | Integrates conversation memory into your RAG pipeline by adding the 10 most recent conversations into the context of search query to the LLM. 

> If you're LLM includes a set token limit, set the `size` field in you OpenSearch query to limit the amount of documents used in the search response.

Reviewer: might be worth pointing out that the rag processor sends _every_ document in the search result to the LLM

---
layout: default
title: Conversational search
has_children: false
nav_order: 200
---

# Conversational search

Conversational search is an experimental machine learning (ML) feature that enables a new search interface. Whereas traditional document search allows a user to ask a question and receive a list of documents that might contain the answer to that question, conversational search uses large language models (LLM) to read the top N documents and synthesizes those documents into a plaintext "answer" to your question.

Currently, conversational search utilizes two systems to synthesize documents:

- [Conversation memory](#conversation-memory)
- [Retreival Augmented Generation (RAG) pipeline](#rag-pipeline)

## Conversation memory

> Conversation memory consists of a simple CRUD-life API comprised of two resources: **Conversations** and **Interactions**. Conversations are made up of interactions. An interaction represents a pair of messages: a human input and the AI response.

Author: ```suggestion
Conversation memory consists of a simple CRUD-life API comprised of two resources: **Conversations** and **Interactions**. Conversations are made up of interactions. An interaction represents a pair of messages: a human input and the AI response. You cannot create any interactions until you've created a conversation. 
```

### `conversation-meta` index

In the `conversation-meta` index, you can customize the `name` field to make it easier for end users to know how to continue a conversation with the AI, as shown in the following schema:

```jsx
.plugins-ml-conversation-meta
{
    "_meta": {
        "schema_version": 1
    },
    "properties": {
        "name": {"type": "keyword"},
        "create_time": {"type": "date", "format": "strict_date_time||epoch_millis"},
        "user": {"type": "keyword"}
    }
}
```

### `conversation-interactions` index

In the `conversation-interactions` index, all of the following fields are set by the user or AI application. Each field is entered as a string:

| Field | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| `input` | The question which forms the basis for an interaction. |
| `prompt_template` | The prompt template that was used as the framework for this interaction. |
| `response` | The AI’s response to the prompt. |
| `origin` | The name of the AI or other system that generated the response. |
| `additional_info` | Any other information that was sent to the “origin” in the prompt. |

> The goal of the `conversation-interactions` index is to create a clean interaction abstraction and make it easy for the index to reconstruct the exact prompts sent to the LLM, enabling robust debugging and explainability, as shown in the following schema:

Author: ```suggestion
The `conversation-interactions` index creates a clean interaction abstraction and make it easy for the index to reconstruct the exact prompts sent to the LLM, enabling robust debugging and explainability, as shown in the following schema:
```

```jsx
.plugins-ml-conversation-interactions
{
    "_meta": {
        "schema_version": 1
    },
    "properties": {
        "conversation_id": {"type": "keyword"},
        "create_time": {"type": "date", "format": "strict_date_time||epoch_millis"},
        "input": {"type": "text"},
        "prompt_template": {"type": "text"},
        "response": {"type": "text"},
        "origin": {"type": "keyword"},
        "additional_info": {"type": "text"}
    }
}
```

## Working with conversations and interactions

> When security is enabled, all conversations are in ML Commons exist in a "private" security mode. Only the person who creates a conversation can interact with that conversation. No other users on the cluster can see another user's conversation.

Author: Maybe switch to "The Security Plugin".

> When security is enabled, all conversations are in ML Commons exist in a "private" security mode. Only the person who creates a conversation can interact with that conversation. No other users on the cluster can see another user's conversation.

Reviewer 3: Agreed, but lowercase "plugin".

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/memory/conversation/4of2c9nhoIuhcr
{
  "input": "How do I make an interaction?",
  "prompt_template": "Hello OpenAI, can you answer this question? \
											Here's some extra info that may help. \
											[INFO] \n [QUESTION]",
  "response": "Hello, this is OpenAI. Here is the answer to your question.",
  "origin": "MyFirstOpenAIWrapper",
  "additional_info": "Additional text related to the answer \
											A JSON or other semi-structured response"
}
```

The Memory API then responds with an interaction ID, as shown in the following response:

```json
{ "interaction_id": "948vh_PoiY2hrnpo" }
```

### Getting conversations

You can get a list of conversations using the following Memory API operation:

```json
GET /_plugins/_ml/memory/conversation?max_results=3&next_token=0
```

Use the following path parameters to customize your results:

Parameter | Data type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
`max_results` | Integer | The maximum number of results returned by the response. Default is `10`.

> `next_token` | Integer | Represents the position in the conversation order to retrieve. For example, if three conversations A, B, and C exist, `next_token=1` would return conversations B and C. Default is `0`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`next_token` | Integer | Represents the conversation order position that will be retrieved. For example, if conversations A, B, and C exist, `next_token=1` would return conversations B and C. Default is `0`.
```

> `next_token` | Integer | Represents the position in the conversation order to retrieve. For example, if three conversations A, B, and C exist, `next_token=1` would return conversations B and C. Default is `0`.

Reviewer 3: Confirm that my changes retain the intended meaning.

> The Memory API responds with the most recent conversation created first, as indicated in the `create_time` field of the response as shown in the following example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Memory API responds with the most recent conversation, as indicated in the `create_time` field of the following example response:
```

> The Memory API responds with the most recent conversation created first, as indicated in the `create_time` field of the response as shown in the following example:

Reviewer 3: Confirm that my changes retain the intended meaning.

```json
{
  "conversations": [
    {
      "conversation_id": "0y4hto_in1",
      "name": "",
      "create_time": "2023-4-23 10:25.324662"
	  }, ... (2 more since we specified max_results=3)
	],
  "next_token": 3
}
```

> If there are fewer conversations than the number set in `max_results`, the response only returns the number of conversations that exist. Lastly, `next_token` provides an ordered position of the sorted list of conversations. When a conversation is added between subsequent GET conversation calls, one of the listed conversations will be duplicated in the result, for example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If there are fewer conversations than the number set in `max_results`, the response only returns the number of conversations that exist. Lastly, `next_token` provides an ordered position of the sorted list of conversations. When a conversation is added between subsequent GET conversation calls, one of the listed conversations will be duplicated in the results, for example:
```

```json
GetConversations               -> [BCD]EFGH
CreateConversation             -> ABCDEFGH
GetConversations(next_token=3) -> ABC[DEF]GH
```

### Getting interactions

> To see a list of interactions in a conversation, enter the `conversation_id` at the end of API request, as shown in the following example. You can use the `max_results` and `next_token` to sort the response:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To see a list of interactions in a conversation, enter the `conversation_id` at the end of the API request, as shown in the following example. You can use `max_results` and `next_token` to sort the response:
```

```json
GET /_plugins/_ml/memory/conversation/4of2c9nhoIuhcr
```

The Memory API returns the following interaction information:

```json
{
  "interactions": [
    {
      "interaction_id": "342968y2u4-0",
      "conversation_id": "0y4hto_in1",
      "create_time": "2023-4-23 10:25.324662",
      "input": "How do I make an interaction?",
      "prompt_template": "Hello OpenAI, can you answer this question? \
											Here's some extra info that may help. \
											[INFO] \n [QUESTION]",
      "response": "Hello, this is OpenAI. Here is the answer to your question.",
      "origin": "MyFirstOpenAIWrapper",
      "additional_info": "Additional text related to the answer \
											A JSON or other semi-structured response"
	  }, ... (9 more since max_results defaults to 10)
	],
  "next_token": 10
}
```

### Deleting conversations

> To delete a conversation, use the `DELETE` operation as showing in the following example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To delete a conversation, use the `DELETE` operation, as showing in the following example:
```

```json
DELETE /_plugins/_ml/memory/conversation/4of2c9nhoIuhcr
```

The Memory API responds with the following:

```json
{ "success": true }
```

## RAG pipeline

> RAG is a technique for grounding LLMs and a natural language interface, implemented as a search pipeline. 

Author: What is we used a layman's variation of Hugging Face's definition?

"RAG is a technique that retrieves documents from an index, passes them a seq2seq model, such as an LLM, and then generates outputs."

Reviewer: That's a good description of what it is and how it works, but I think it leaves out why you'd want to do this. Which is maybe fine

Author: Lets combine both sentences then. 
```suggestion
 RAG is a technique that retrieves documents from an index, passes them through a seq2seq model, such as an LLM, and then generates more-grounded outputs.
```

>  RAG is a technique that retrieves documents from an index, passes them through a seq2seq model, such as an LLM, and then generates more-grounded outputs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 RAG is a technique that retrieves documents from an index, passes them through a seq2seq model, such as an LLM, and then generates more grounded outputs.
```

>  RAG is a technique that retrieves documents from an index, passes them through a seq2seq model, such as an LLM, and then generates more-grounded outputs.

Reviewer 3: The meaning of "more grounded outputs" is unclear. Can we clarify?

Author: More factual.

### Enabling RAG

Use the following cluster setting to enable the RAG pipeline feature:

```json
PUT /_cluster/settings
{
  "persistent": {"plugins.ml_commons.rag_pipline_feature_enabled": "true"}
}
```

### Connecting the model

> RAG requires an LLM to function. We recommend using a [connector]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/extensibility/connectors/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
RAG requires an LLM in order to function. We recommend using a [connector]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/extensibility/connectors/).
```

  ```json
  POST /_plugins/_ml/connectors/_create
  {
    "name": "OpenAI Chat Connector",
    "description": "The connector to public OpenAI model service for GPT 3.5",
    "version": 2,
    "protocol": "http",
    "parameters": {
      "endpoint": "[api.openai.com](http://api.openai.com/)",
      "model": "gpt-3.5-turbo",
      "temperature": 0
    },
    "credential": {
      "openAI_key": "<your OpenAI key>"
   },
    "actions": [
      {
        "action_type": "predict",
        "method": "POST",
        "url": "[https://$](https://%24/){parameters.endpoint}/v1/chat/completions",
        "headers": {
          "Authorization": "Bearer ${credential.openAI_key}"
        },
        "request_body": "{ \"model\": \"${parameters.model}\", \"messages\": ${parameters.messages}, \"temperature\": $  {parameters.temperature} }"
      }
    ]
  }
  ```

2. Create a new model group for the connected model. You'll use the `model_group_id` returned by the Register API to register the model:

   ```json
  POST /_plugins/_ml/model_group/_register
  {
    "name": "public_model_group", 
    "description": "This is a public model group"
  }
  ```

> 3. Register the model and deploy the model using the `connector_id` from the Connector API response in Step 1 and `model_group_id` returned in Step 2:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Register and deploy the model using the `connector_id` from the Connector API response in Step 1 and the `model_group_id` returned in Step 2:
```

  ```java
  POST /_plugins/_ml/models/_register
  {
	"name": "openAI-gpt-3.5-turbo",
	"function_name": "remote",
	"model_group_id": "fp-hSYoBu0R6vVqGMnM1",
	"description": "test model",
	"connector_id": "f5-iSYoBu0R6vVqGI3PA"
  }
  ``` 

4. With the model registered, use the `task_id` returned in the registration response to get the `model_id`. You'll use the `model_id` to deploy the model to OpenSearch:

  ```json
  GET /_plugins/_ml/tasks/<task_id>
  ```

> 5. Using your `model_id` from step 4, deploy the model:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. Using the `model_id` from step 4, deploy the model:
```

  ```
  POST /_plugins/_ml/models/<model_id>/_deploy
  ```

> ### Setting up the pipeline

Reviewer 3: Should "the" be "a"? We use "a" in the following sentence.

> Next, we'll create a search pipeline for the connector model. Use the following Search API request to create a pipeline: 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Next, you'll create a search pipeline for the connector model. Use the following Search API request to create a pipeline: 
```

```json
PUT /_search/pipeline/<pipeline_name>
{
  "response_processors": [
    {
      "retrieval_augmented_generation": {
        "tag": "openai_pipeline_demo",
        "description": "Demo pipeline Using OpenAI Connector",
        "model_id": "<model_id>",
        "context_field_list": ["text"]
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> `context_field_list` is the list of fields in document sources that the pipeline uses as context for the RAG. For example, when `context_field_list` parses through the following document:

Reviewer 3: The second sentence here is incomplete.

> `context_field_list` is the list of fields in document sources that the pipeline uses as context for the RAG. For example, when `context_field_list` parses through the following document:

Author: ```suggestion
`context_field_list` is the list of fields in document sources that the pipeline uses as context for the RAG. For example, when `context_field_list` parses through the following document, the pipeline sends the `text` field from the response to OpenAI model:
```

```json
{
  "_index": "qa_demo",
  "_id": "SimKcIoBOVKVCYpk1IL-",
  "_source": {
    "title": "Abraham Lincoln 2",
    "text": "Abraham Lincoln was born on February 12, 1809, the second child of Thomas Lincoln and Nancy Hanks Lincoln, in a log cabin on Sinking Spring Farm near Hodgenville, Kentucky.[2] He was a descendant of Samuel Lincoln, an Englishman who migrated from Hingham, Norfolk, to its namesake, Hingham, Massachusetts, in 1638. The family then migrated west, passing through New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Virginia.[3] Lincoln was also a descendant of the Harrison family of Virginia; his paternal grandfather and namesake, Captain Abraham Lincoln and wife Bathsheba (née Herring) moved the family from Virginia to Jefferson County, Kentucky.[b] The captain was killed in an Indian raid in 1786.[5] His children, including eight-year-old Thomas, Abraham's father, witnessed the attack.[6][c] Thomas then worked at odd jobs in Kentucky and Tennessee before the family settled in Hardin County, Kentucky, in the early 1800s.[6]\n"
  }
}
```

> When configured using the preceeding Search API request, the pipeline sends the `text` field from the response to OpenAI model. You can customize `context_field_list`  in your RAG pipeline to send any fields that exist in your documents to the LLM.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When configured using the preceding Search API request, the pipeline sends the `text` field from the response to OpenAI model. You can customize `context_field_list` in your RAG pipeline to send any fields that exist in your documents to the LLM.
```

> When configured using the preceeding Search API request, the pipeline sends the `text` field from the response to OpenAI model. You can customize `context_field_list`  in your RAG pipeline to send any fields that exist in your documents to the LLM.

Reviewer 3: It looks like either "the" or "a" should precede "OpenAI".

### Using the pipeline

Using the pipeline is similar to submitting [search queries]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/search/#example) to OpenSearch, as shown in the following example:

```json
GET /<index_name>/_search?search_pipeline=<pipeline_name>
{
	"query" : {...},
	"ext": {
		"generative_qa_parameters": {
			"llm_model": "gpt-3.5-turbo",
			"llm_question": "Was Abraham Lincoln a good politician",
			"conversation_id": "_ikaSooBHvd8_FqDUOjZ"
		}
	}
}
```

> The RAG search query uses the following request objects under the `generative_qa_paramters` option:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The RAG search query uses the following request objects under the `generative_qa_paramters` option.
```

Parameter | Required | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
`llm_question` | Yes | The question the LLM must answer. 

> `llm_model` | No | Overrides the original model set in the connection in cases where you want to use a different model. For example, using GPT 4 instead of GPT 3.5. This option is required if a default model is not set during pipeline creation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`llm_model` | No | Overrides the original model set in the connection in cases where you want to use a different model (for example, GPT 4 instead of GPT 3.5). This option is required if a default model is not set during pipeline creation.
```

> `coversation_id` | No | Integrates conversation memory into your RAG pipeline by adding the 10 most recent conversations into the context of search query to the LLM. 

Reviewer 3: It looks like either "a" or "the" should precede "search query".

> `coversation_id` | No | Integrates conversation memory into your RAG pipeline by adding the 10 most recent conversations into the context of search query to the LLM. 

Author: ```suggestion
`coversation_id` | No | Integrates conversation memory into your RAG pipeline by adding the 10 most recent conversations into the context of the search query to the LLM. 
```

> If you're LLM includes a set token limit, set the `size` field in you OpenSearch query to limit the amount of documents used in the search response. Otherwise, the RAG pipeline will send every document in the search result into the LLM.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If your LLM includes a set token limit, set the `size` field in your OpenSearch query to limit the number of documents used in the search response. Otherwise, the RAG pipeline will send every document in the search results to the LLM.
```

> ## Next Steps

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Next steps
```

> - To learn more about ML connectors, see [Creating connectors for third-party ML platforms]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/extensibility/connectors/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- To learn more about ML connectors, see [Creating connectors for third-party ML platforms]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/extensibility/connectors/).
```

> - To learn more about the ML framework for OpenSearch, see [ML framework]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/ml-framework/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- To learn more about the OpenSearch ML framework, see [ML framework]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/ml-framework/).
```
